docs: Doc Updates for 1.11 (#2487)
kubeshop/monokle: docs/form-editor.md

Monokle shows form editors for diverse Kubernetes resources which allows you to interactively change the specification of your resources using visual controls/inputs.

![Form Editor](img/form-editor-1.11.png)

For example in the case of a ConfigMap Kubernetes resource, clicking on the **Form** tab at the top of the Editor, opens the form fields editor for key ConfigMap properties, allowing you to edit/discover all available properties without having to learn or lookup the corresponding YAML/resource documentation. Any changes made and saved (with the Save button on the top right)
are written back to the underlying YAML. 

### **Modified Values Highlighted in Code Editor**

> To have insight into the changes made to your configuration, the exact properties edited with Monokle’s Form Editor are highlighted when you make the transition from the Form Editor tab to the Source tab. This highlighting feature identifies all changes providing full visibility of edited resources as you work toward attaining your desired state.

Author: ```suggestion
When using forms, in order to have insights into the actual changes made to your configuration files, the exact properties edited with Monokle’s Form Editor are highlighted when you make the transition from the Form Editor tab to the Source tab. This highlighting feature identifies all changes providing full visibility of edited resources as you work toward attaining your desired state.
```

![Form Editor Highlights](img/form-editor-highlights-1.11.png)

### **Side-by-Side Editors**

> The configuration file you are editing can be visible even when you are using templates.

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration file you are editing can be visible even when you are using forms.
```
